# About

With funding from the National Historical Records and Publications Commission, the Walter J. Brown Media Archives & Peabody Awards Collection at the University ofGeorgia (BMA) and the American Archive of Public Broadcasting (AAPB), are digitizing, preserving and providing access to approximately 4,000 hours of programming produced by public radio and television stations from 1941 to 1999 and submitted to the George Foster Peabody Awards. By adding the programs to the AAPB, this project will ensure that preservation copies are maintained at the Library of Congress (the Library) for posterity and will expand access via the AAPB's public website and on-site research locations.The programs selected for this project were produced by local, state, and regional public stations and include documentaries, public affairs programs, and science, health, children’s, and cultural programming - all created to educate and broaden the horizons of the American public.

The programs are a record of American culture, events, issues, and educational work between1941 and 1999. About twelve percent of these programs were broadcast nationally; the remainder were only seen in their respective local viewing areas. Each was submitted to the Peabody Awards by its creators as an exemplar of their finest work. These materials were made for the benefit of the American public, but the American public has not had access to them. This project rectifies that situation. By preserving and providing access to these programs, we ensure that the original investment of public money in the creation of these programs pays off by extending the value of the work.

On this platform, you can help make this collection more accessible to all by correcting computer-generated transcripts of the digitized programs. The corrected transcripts will be made available along-side the media player for the digitized items at <a href="http://americanarchive.org">http://americanarchive.org</a>.